Refund Guidelines

The MEEM Memory / Identity Armor refund guidelines are applicable to your
purchase of the MEEM Memory Cable by MEEM Memory / Identity Armor via
the website (commonly referred to as „Product “). In case you have to send
back a defective or damaged product, you can send the product back to the
company within thirty (30) days in order to apply for a refund, as long as the
following general business terms are complied with:
Prior to sending the MEEM Memory Cable back, you should contact MEEM
Memory / Identity Armor via email at support@identityarmor.com to request a
Returned Material Authorization (RMA) number. Emails are the preferred way
to communicate that a (RMA) is being requested or you can write MEEM
Memory / Identity Armor at:

MEEM Memory / Identity Armor, Inc.
130 East Marion Avenue
510027
Punta Gorda, FL 33951

Write the RMA number on the delivery ticket of each single package that
needs to be sent back. Please note that we do not accept a product without
the RMA number that will be given to you once we receive your request. You
than have 30 days to send the product back at your costs. We suggest that
you proceed by registered mail so as to ensure a speedy & secure delivery.
Products need to be sent back to us unopened and in their original package in
order to be refunded. MEEM Memory / Identity Armor does not reimburse the
delivery costs for the return of the goods.
Packages that are sent back with insufficient postal charges will not be
accepted.

Products need to be sent back in their original state and received by MEEM
Memory / Identity Armor. We do not accept products that were damaged
during the return of the goods. Thus, please note that you should package the
product well and possibly secure the delivery.
The MEEM Memory / Identity Armor refund guidelines only apply to products
and are meant to protect you, the consumer from credit card abuse and fraud.

Cancellation conditions

Our cancellation policy is set forth by the terms and conditions of your
credit or debit card provider. All refund or cancellations must be done in
writing to protect you (consumer) and MEEM Memory / Identity Armor
(Merchant).

Users can cancel their orders immediately (before shipment) with a written
notice: (a) via E-mail to support@identityarmor.com, or (b) via post or other
deliveries to MEEM Memory / Identity Armor, 130 East Marion Avenue, Punta
Gorda, FL, 33951
